
Which of the following is true?
 Identifying what messages are passed between objects is a straightforward process.
Message passing is a metaphor used to describe object interaction.
 Message passing is only concerned with query operations.
Hibernate is used to simplify to interact with the database
True
False
Which of the following best describes black box testing?
It tests the internal workings of the software and whether the software works as specified.
It tests whether the software produces the correct outputs for specific inputs.
It tests whether the software can be used ‘out of the box’ by end-users.
When a statechart is checked for consistency with other models of the system which of the following is true?
Every operation in a class must appear as an event on a statechart.
Every action should correspond to the execution of an operation on the appropriate class.
Every event must appear on a sequence diagram.
Which of the implicit variable of JSP pages that may be used to access all the other implicit objects?
context
Page
pageContext
object
What is meant by the term ‘measurable objectives’?
Aims of the system that are vague and difficult to assess.
Objectives that can be quantified and have a specific numeric target.
Strategic aims of the organisation that is getting a new system.
Which of the following best describes object behaviour?
What the object is able to do to other objects.
What the object is able to do for other objects.
What the object is able to do to itself.
Good coupling is best characterised by which of the following?
Keeping the number of message types between objects to a minimum.
Ensuring that sub-classes are not strongly linked to their superclass.
Ensuring that operations in the same class are linked.
What is the primary job of the action?
To configure a data source.
 To catch exception
 Formatting tag library
 None
Which of the followings are JSF action Tags?
< c:choose>
< sql:setDataSource>
< h:dataTable>
< f:selectItem>
both C & D
Which of the following are the rules that modelling techniques should enforce?
 Simplicity of representation, external consistency, completeness and network representation
Simplicity of representation, internal consistency, completeness and hierarchical
Simplicity, internal consistency, completeness and hierarchical symbols
Which of the following are UML implementation diagrams ?
Component diagrams
Deployment diagrams
All
Which of the following statements is true about adaptive maintenance?
 It is concerned with changing the system when requirements change.
It is concerned with ensuring the system data is adapted to suit changes in the organization.
 It is concerned with maintaining the system so that it can adapt automatically to changes in the organization.
Both actions and activities may be tied to a state.
The entry and exit actions, if present, are triggered.
The entry and exit actions are not triggered.
The entry and exit actions if present and the action tied to the internal transition are all triggered.
Which of the following is not a reason for separating the analysis stage from the design stage?
Analysts and designers may be people with different skills and knowledge.
It is not possible to begin design until all the analysis has been completed.
Clients will want clear decision points at which they can agree that the project should progress to the next stage and incur further costs.
Which statement is an example of logical design?
Communication between the Agate system and the company accounts system will be by passing messages.
There will be a message sent to the accounts system called NewInvoice, which will be formatted in XML, and each invoice will have a six-digit invoice number allocated by the accounts system.
Communication between the Agate system and the company accounts system will use the OpenJMS Java message server with persistent storage of messages provided by the MySQL database.
What is meant by an economical design?
The design itself was produced at a low cost.
The fixed costs and running costs of the system will be low.
The system will use inexpensive disks.
Which of the following configuration file is responsible for Hibernet connection.?
context.xml
 hibernet.cfg.xml
 *.hbm.xml
Which of the following statement is correct related to JSP?
JSP technology is not just an extension of servlet technology
 JSP engine will translate the contents of the JSP into servlet
JSP engine will translate the contents of the JSP into JSTL
UML consists mainly of _______________ to represent concepts of an Object Oriented Information System. Pick the most appropriate one for the blank space.
A icon
A symbol
 A textual language
 A graphical language
Which of the following is a beneficial consequence of good cohesion in a class?
The attributes in the class will only be accessed by the operations of that class.
The class will exhibit high levels of encapsulation.
The operations in the class will be easier to maintain.
The prefix f: in JSF refers to------------
HTML elements for the page.
 Core JSF functionality for the page.
 Input text fields in the form.
 None
What is the abbreviations of JSP?
Java Service Programming
 Java Server Programming
 Java Service Pages
 Java Server Pages
Which of the following best describes composition?
A package of model elements
A set of realizations for a single use case
A relationship between a whole and its parts
Some of the tasks in the general problem-solving model are listed below. Which of the following list these tasks in the correct sequence?
 Problem definition, Finding solutions, Problem redefinition.
 Data gathering, Finding solutions, Finding ideas.
Problem definition, Data gathering, Problem redefinition.